Question 3: Does this app collect credit card information?


--------[START OF POLICY]---------


﻿Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy tells you about the information we collect when you use our websites and app, how we use it, and who we share it with. This Policy covers the Roblox Services.


Roblox is a global company, and this Policy is for everyone around the world. Roblox has to follow laws designed to protect personal information in the many different countries where our users live. For example, we comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) in the US, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) in the EU, the Data Protection Act of 2018 in the UK, and the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (“LGPD”) in Brazil.
Roblox is also committed to protecting the privacy of children (i.e., users under the age of 13 under COPPA). See the "Children’s Privacy and Parental Controls" section below for more information about your rights as a parent or legal guardian.
To learn more about COPPA, you can consult the US Federal Trade Commission’s COPPA website: https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/topics/protecting-consumer-privacy-security/kids-privacy-coppa.
You can learn more about COPPA, by looking at this simple guide from the kidSAFE Seal Program – www.kidsafeseal.com/knowaboutcoppa.html.
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy and/or our data practices, please contact us at the following support form, telephone number, or mailing address:
Customer Support Form
(888) 858 - BLOX
Roblox Corporation
Attn: Roblox Privacy Manager
Address: 970 Park Place, Suite 100
San Mateo, California, 94403
privacy@roblox.com
For users based in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, you may also contact our Representative according to Articles 17 EU and UK GDPR in the European Union:
roblox@gdpr-rep.com
EEA:
Tel: +49 (0) 40 99999 - 3430
DP-Dock GmbH
Attn: Roblox Corporation
Ballindamm 39 / Ecke Jungfernstieg
0095 Hamburg, Germany
UK:
DP Data Protection Services UK Ltd.
Attn: Roblox Corporation
16 Great Queen Street
Covent Garden, London, WC2B 5AH, United Kingdom
If you are a user based in Brazil, you may contact our Brazilian Data Protection Officer regarding your personal data by emailing us at privacy@roblox.com.


2. Definitions


For the purposes of our services, the definitions are as follows:
“Children” or “Child” means any user under the age of 13.
“Personal Information” means any information relating to a natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, or an online identifier.
“Platform” means our Roblox platform, the ultimate virtual universe where imagination rules.
“Privacy Policy” or “Policy” means this Roblox Privacy Policy.
“Processing” means any operation which is performed on Personal Information, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or any kind of disclosure or other use.
“Service” means any service or application offered by Roblox, such as allowing users to develop Platform experiences, connect with others, and use content created by you and other users. It includes websites on the roblox.com domain, our Roblox mobile, virtual reality and Xbox apps, the Roblox Player, the Roblox Studio, and our other websites, products, software, applications, content, data feeds and other services on which an authorized link to this Policy is posted.
Any other capitalized term that is not defined in this Policy is defined and has the meaning set out in our Terms of Use.


3. Information Collected on our Corporate Websites


We have a number of corporate websites, such as corp.roblox.com and blog.roblox.com. These sites explain our technology and who works at Roblox. There is news on there about the company and we let people know about job openings that they can apply for at Roblox. There is also information on there for parents in the resources section. While these websites are generally aimed at adults, you can also visit them to learn more about Roblox as a company.
We only collect information from people on these websites when someone is applying for a job or interested in partnering with Roblox.


4. Information You Provide when Setting Up an Account on Roblox


Everyone on Roblox has to create an account in order to participate in our experiences.
When you create a Roblox account, we will ask you to choose a unique username and password. We require this information so that you can log into your account and participate in Service features. We do not use usernames to identify individual users outside of their activities on our Service.
We will also ask you for your date of birth, your gender, the country you live in and which language you speak so we can customize your experience on Roblox..
You must not create a username that includes your real name or other Personal Information. It is also important to create a password that is not easy to guess. You may share your password with your parent(s) or legal guardian, but never share it with anyone else, not even your friends.
You can also add an email address to your account in case you cannot remember your password and need to reset it.
Users may be asked to provide or may choose to add an email address to their account for added verification and/or to enable certain features. The primary purpose for this email address is to provide account security, since this is the only way for Roblox to check the authenticity of an account owner. In this circumstance, children are asked to provide a parent email address. Users may change the email address associated with their account at any time; however, a notification will be sent to the previously provided email address upon making that change.


5. Additional Personal Information We Collect When You Use Roblox Features


You don't have to share any additional personal information with us (other than the information described above) to use our websites or app.
We may collect other personal information when you use our other features and services of the Service. For example, when you make purchases on the Service, if you or your parents buy Robux, we will collect additional information from the buyer in order to take the payment such as your name, billing address, email address and payment card details or other payment information.
When you use voice chat or type content on Roblox in public chat, private chat, forums, group walls, personal posts or portfolios, we will monitor what you say and write to check that it does not contain inappropriate content, your personal information, or chat that is not suitable for users to have on Roblox.
If you contact us, for example, about a problem with our services, we may collect your contact information, such as your email address and other important information about your issue or concern. We will only use this information to solve your problem/concerns and to be able to reply to you.
When you browse and use our websites and app we might collect information about your actions on the website and app to make your experience better. For example, we might look at your search history and suggest other games that are similar.
We might also collect information from your device when you visit our websites, as outlined in the “Cookies and Similar Technologies” section.
If you or your parent(s) want more information about the additional personal information we may collect, it can be found in the detailed section of our full privacy policy.
Any information that you give to us or that we collect might be used to:
* keep the website and/or app running and to improve it;
* give you access to the website or app and additional features, or to restrict your access;
* make the content on the website or app personalized to you and make it easier for you to use;
* help you look after your Roblox account, like changing your account settings, and pay for Robux;
* detect security incidents and protect against bad or illegal activity, and find those responsible for that activity; and
* protect your safety.
If your parents want more detail about this, they can view our full privacy policy.


6. Cookies and Similar Technologies


We use tracking technology (such as "Cookies") on our websites and app to help us understand and improve our service, as well as to understand your preferences. A Cookie is a small text file that allows us to remember your actions and preferences on the website (such as your login details, your language settings and your font size preference) over a period of time so you don't have to re-enter them whenever you come back to the website or browse from one page to another. We will also remember your favorite games and friends.
If your parents or guardians want more information about Cookies and similar tracking technology, they can view our full privacy policy.


7. Information Sharing


Roblox doesn’t sell your information to other companies for them to use as they want.
Roblox does have relationships with some companies that help us provide our services (for example, when you or your parent purchase Robux), so we may provide some of your information to them, but only because we need to in order to complete your transaction.
We also hire other people and companies to perform services for us. A list of some of the companies we may use to perform these functions can be found in the detailed version of our privacy policy. The other companies are only allowed to use the personal information we share with them to complete tasks that we hire them to do. They are not allowed to sell your personal information or use it for their own purposes.
Public forums and community areas
There are some areas on Roblox such as in game chat where you can communicate with other Roblox users. These are public places and anything you share in these areas is available to other Roblox users who can access the same places. You should remember this before you post any information in these public areas. As you know, Roblox wants to create a safe space for all its users, so we do not allow you to share any personal information about yourself such as your name, where you live, or your email address.
Creators
We share your username, display name, game metrics, regional location and user ID with the creators of the experiences you access.
Legal disclosures, business transfers, and other important content
If you or your parents or guardians want details about our legal disclosures, business transfers and other important content, they can view our full privacy policy.


8. Security and Data Retention


The security of your information is important to us. We have measures in place to protect it against loss, misuse, or tampering. However, no security measures are 100% effective, so we cannot guarantee against these risks.
How long do we keep your information for?
We will only keep your information for as long as we need to.
For more information, please review the detailed version of our full privacy policy.


9. External Links


Sometimes you may find a link to another company’s website on our website or app. We aren’t responsible for that company’s privacy policies or content. If you are being directed to another site, we may display a warning message to give you a heads up.


10. Children’s Privacy and Parental Controls


As a user you are entitled to additional protections for your information and privacy online. When you register an account with Roblox, we make sure your account is set to a restrictive mode, which means that you won’t have access to certain features, such as social media links, if you are not 13 or over and your text filtering will be restricted. These additional measures are in place to keep you as safe as possible online.
If your parent or guardian's email address is provided to us when you create an account on Roblox, we will share information about your account with them by email. We can also invite your parent or guardian to review or update settings and approve your account.
If you or your parents or guardian would like more information about the restrictive account mode, or parental controls available to them, please review our full privacy policy.
If you are a parent and need to make changes to your child’s account, you can contact us by completing this Customer Support Form.


11. Accessing, Updating, and Deleting Your Personal Information


If you want to fix any of your personal information, or if you want us to delete your personal information, you can contact us by completing this Customer Support Form. Select the desired option under the Data Privacy Requests. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request.
We will get back to you within a reasonable timeframe.


12. Storage and International Transfer of Your Personal Information


Roblox stores your information in the United States.
The privacy laws of the United States may not be as strict as those in your country (especially if you live in the EU or the UK), but we take reasonable steps to protect your information and your privacy rights.


13. Your Privacy Rights in California


If you live in California, you may have additional rights when it comes to your information. You can ask us to:
   * Give you a copy of the personal information we have collected about you in the last year;
   * Fix your personal information if it is incorrect;
   * Delete some of your personal information; and
   * Request us to stop using your information in some situations.
If you want to understand more, please review our full privacy policy.


14. Your Privacy Rights if you live in the EEA, UK or Switzerland


If you live in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, you may have additional "rights" when it comes to your personal information. You can ask us to:
* Tell you what information we have about you and what we do with it;
* Fix your personal information if it's incorrect;
* Delete your information.
If you want to understand more, you can refer to the full privacy policy.
If you have reason to, you can complain about how we are using your information by emailing us at roblox@gdpr-rep.com. You can also complain to a "data protection authority". You can find out about which "data protection authority" to complain to in your country here.


15. Additional Information for users in Brazil


If you are a resident of Brazil, you may be entitled to additional privacy rights. Please review the detailed section of our privacy policy in Section 15.
If you live in Brazil, you may have additional "rights" when it comes to your personal information. You can ask us to:
* Tell you what information we have about you and what we do with it;
* Fix your personal information if it's wrong;
* Delete your information.
If you want to understand more it might be useful to ask your parent or guardian to explain this section to you. Your parent or guardian can refer to the detailed version of this Policy.
If you have reason to, you can complain about how we are using your information by emailing us at privacy@roblox.com. You can also complain to the National Data Protection Authority of Brazil at anpd@anpd.gov.br.


16. Privacy Policy Changes and Updates


We update this privacy policy sometimes, so you should review this site regularly. We always publish the date of the latest version at the bottom of this page.
If we make any major changes, we will let you know by email (if we have your email address) or by showing a prominent notice on this website or in app prior to the change becoming effective. If required by law, we will obtain your parent’s consent if any of these changes impact the data we’ve collected from you in a less protective way.


--------[END OF POLICY]---------


Question 3: Does this app collect credit card information?


<ANSWER FROM POLICY>


